# FlexiGPT

- FlexiGPT help you interact with multiple LLMs from multiple AI providers seamlessly via a dedicated desktop application.
- It can interact with hosted and as a service AI providers along with Local models.
- It has inbuilt support for OpenAI, Anthropic, Google, DeepSeek.
- It can talk to any local or external server that serves an OpenAI compatible API.
- Some quality of life features:
  - Global settings to reuse param defaults for your interaction with LLMs.
  - It stores API keys securely in the local machine's KeyChain.
  - Also supports runtime edit of these globals for a particular chat.
  - Quick change over between models mid chat. You can even ask step 1 to one model, and feed that response to the next model as a chat interaction.
  - Supports reasoning models too.
  - It can render code or mermaid diagrams (try and ask for it in the chat!) generated by LLM's directly inside the chat interface.
  - Maintains conversation history and allows you to jump over to older conversations easily via search.

## 🐉 **Warning:** Here Be Dragons! 🐉

- This repository is currently under heavy development.
- Expect frequent breaking changes, incomplete features, and unstable APIs across releases. Use at your own risk!

## Install

### Linux

- Download the `.flatpak` release package.
- If flatpak is not enabled, initialize it for the distribution

  - Ubuntu/Debian/etc (APT based systems):

    ```shell
    sudo apt update # update packages
    sudo apt install -y flatpak # install flatpak
    sudo apt install -y gnome-software-plugin-flatpak # optional, enables flathub packages in gnome sofware center
    flatpak remote-add --if-not-exists flathub https://dl.flathub.org/repo/flathub.flatpakrepo
    ```

- Install the package

  - `flatpak install --user FlexiGPT-xyz.flatpak`
  - `flatpak info io.github.flexigpt.client`

- Your local data (settings, conversations, logs) will be at:
  - `~/.var/app/io.github.flexigpt.client/`

### Mac

- Download the `.pkg` release package.
- Click to install the `.pkg`. It will walk you through the installation process.
- Your local data (settings, conversations, logs) will be at:
  - `~/Library/Containers/io.github.flexigpt.client/Data/Library/Application\ Support/flexigpt/`

### Windows

- Download the `.exe` release package.
- Click to install the `.exe`. It will walk you through the installation process.
- Note: Windows builds have undergone very limited testing.

### Built With

- Fundamentals:
  - Go backend
  - Vite, React router v7 frontend
- [Wails](https://wails.io/)
- [DaisyUI](https://daisyui.com/) with TailwindCSS
